# LeetCode
Various Problems from LeetCode.
Solutions are given in Java.
However the driver function , i.e. main() is not written in any.
It is assumed that the readers can device and understand by themselves.


IF YOU ARE LIKE ME YOU'D LOVE THIS
People thinks there’s one reality, but there’s loads of them, all snaking off, like roots. And what we do on one path affects what happens on the other paths. Time is a construct. People think you can’t go back and change things, but you can, that’s what flashbacks are, they’re invitations to go back and make different choices. When you make a decision, you think it’s you doing it, but it’s not. It’s the spirit out there that’s connected to our world that decides what we do and we just have to go along for the ride. Mirrors let you move through time. The government monitors people, they pay people to be your relatives and they put drugs in your food and they film you. There’s messages in every game. Like Pac-Man. Do you know what PAC stands for? P-A-C: “program and control.” He’s Program and Control Man the whole things a metaphor, he thinks he’s got free will but really he’s trapped in a maze, in a system, all he can do is consume, he’s pursued by demons that are probably just in his own head, and even if he does manage to escape by slipping out one side of the maze, what happens? He comes right back in the other side. People think it’s a happy game, it’s not a happy game, it’s a fucking nightmare world and the worst thing is it’s real and we live in it. It’s all code. If you listen closely, you can hear the numbers. There’s a cosmic flowchart that dictates where you can and where you can’t go. I’ve given you the knowledge. I’ve set you free. Do you understand? I’ll show you what I mean. Come with me. We’re on one path. Right now, me and you. And how one path ends is immaterial. It’s how our decisions along the path affect the whole that matters, do you believe me?
